README.md, before:

# Panda

very important panda project!
need:
        David:
                format login, register, edit_product view to look decent
        Danielle:
                -pull order information and product information to make reciept
                -make checkout button after entering info to show a reciept 
                

```
requirements:
    1. Develop an online webstore using PHP, Apache web server, and MySQL (or       
        MariaDB).Suggestion: Use the XAMPP distribution.
    2. You can pick any type of products to sell. (Should not be what was used as 
        an example.)
    3. The store must have webpage(s) that show a list of your products including 
        pictures if applicable.
    4. The user must be able to select a product and quantity and add it to a cart.
    5. The user must be able to add multiple products to the cart.
!    6. The user must be able to checkout and complete a purchase.
!    7. The system must be able to log the sales transaction into the database. 
        Remember you must save all the items purchased as well as the sales transaction.
    8. The user must be able to create an account for your site before making a 
        purchase.
    9. The administrator of the site must be able to add, edit and delete products 
        from the database.
!    10. The administrator of the site must be able to delete a sale.
    11. The webstore must provide navigation between pages using methods other than 
        the back button.
!    12. The user must be able to get a receipt of his purchase which includes all 
        the items purchased and a total amount. The total must include sales tax and shipping charges.
!    13. The administrator must be able to search sales by username and/or product.
    14. Structure the code using the MVC pattern.
```
    You may work in a group for this project, however there is no requirement that this should be done in a
    group. The maximum size of a group is 3 people. You are required to present this project at the end of
    the semester (exact date of presentation TBA). When turning in this project, you should turn in a
    document that outlines what every member in the group participated in.
    Project presentations will be held over a Zoom call, each member should participate in
    explaining/showing their project.

Commit message:

set cart to clear when you log out, set orders to populate order_products when check out is pressed

README.md, after:

# Panda

very important panda project!
need:
        David:
                format login, register, edit_product view to look decent
                when someone logs out the cart does not clear
        Danielle:
                -pull order information and product information to make reciept
                -make checkout button after entering info to show a reciept 
                

```
requirements:
    1. Develop an online webstore using PHP, Apache web server, and MySQL (or       
        MariaDB).Suggestion: Use the XAMPP distribution.
    2. You can pick any type of products to sell. (Should not be what was used as 
        an example.)
    3. The store must have webpage(s) that show a list of your products including 
        pictures if applicable.
    4. The user must be able to select a product and quantity and add it to a cart.
    5. The user must be able to add multiple products to the cart.
!    6. The user must be able to checkout and complete a purchase.
!    7. The system must be able to log the sales transaction into the database. 
        Remember you must save all the items purchased as well as the sales transaction.
    8. The user must be able to create an account for your site before making a 
        purchase.
    9. The administrator of the site must be able to add, edit and delete products 
        from the database.
!    10. The administrator of the site must be able to delete a sale.
    11. The webstore must provide navigation between pages using methods other than 
        the back button.
!    12. The user must be able to get a receipt of his purchase which includes all 
        the items purchased and a total amount. The total must include sales tax and shipping charges.
!    13. The administrator must be able to search sales by username and/or product.
    14. Structure the code using the MVC pattern.
```
    You may work in a group for this project, however there is no requirement that this should be done in a
    group. The maximum size of a group is 3 people. You are required to present this project at the end of
    the semester (exact date of presentation TBA). When turning in this project, you should turn in a
    document that outlines what every member in the group participated in.
    Project presentations will be held over a Zoom call, each member should participate in
    explaining/showing their project.
